About Hero Vired Courses
There are various Hero Vired courses offered in different subjects and domains. Candidates can enrol in any online Hero Vired courses based on their interests and build a career in the same. Hero Vired courses are best suited for young working professionals seeking to add in-demand skills and tools to their profiles. To deliver a premium, intensive and immersive learning experience to the students, Hero Vired has collaborations with some of the biggest names worldwide.

Hero Vired courses include multiple hands-on projects that use real-world situations and data. This ensures that students learn how to solve actual problems they will face in the industry. Candidates can take Hero Vired course by paying the requisite Hero Vired courses fees. They can attend Hero Vired course classes using a laptop/desktop and a stable internet connection.

Hero Vired - Collaborations and Accreditations
Hero Vired has significant partnerships with some of the best institutes in the world to help create well-rounded professionals. They include Harvard University, Georgia Tech, Columbia University, Codeacademy, AWS, edX and more.

Industry Partnerships
There are a large number of Hero Vired industry partnerships. They include LendenClub, Credenc, IIT Madras Alumni Association, NSDC, IIT Bombay Alumni Association, ZETWERK, Trans Neuron Technologies, OYO, Kirana Bazaar, Hackerearth, Delhi Capitals, Jobforher, StandBeam, BharatPe, WeWork, Ngnexttech, and many more.  

Types of Hero Vired Courses
Hero Vired offers online Hero Vired courses in diverse domains including data science, technology, finance & management, and gaming. Here’s the list of online Hero Vired courses in different areas:

Hero Vired Fintech Courses & Certifications

Hero Vired Full Stack Development Courses & Certifications

Hero Vired Data Science And Machine Learning Courses & Certifications

Hero Vired Game Design Courses & Certifications

Hero Vired Job Assist Programme

Hero Vired has a specialized Career Success Team that will help students from the beginning of their enrollment in Hero Vired courses. They provide assistance across aspects of interview preparation, career counseling, personal brand building and job readiness. The core focus of the team is to ensure that each student is ready to ace everything that the work environment will throw at him/her.


